SEO excerpts: part 2 (#3826)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/schema-management/indexing.md

---
title: Indexing data

> excerpt: Adding an index can significantly speed up queries on your service. Learn what database indexes are created by default in Timescale Cloud and what best practices are for creating them manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Adding an index can significantly speed up queries on your service. Learn which database indexes are created by default in Timescale Cloud, and best practice for creating them manually
```
